These are the commands uptil lesson 2 from udacity.
1.git log --stat
gives statistics about which files were changed in each commit

2.git diff commitid1 commitid2 compares the two commits

3.git clone: creates clone of repository
command: git clone URL

4.Getting Colored Output
To get colored diff output, run git config --global color.ui auto

7.Using git log and git diff
As a reminder, running git log will show a list of the recent commits with information about them, including commit IDs.
Running git diff followed by two commit IDs will compare the two versions of the code in those commits.

8.git log vs git log --stat
git log --stat also display no of insertions and deletions as comapred to previous commit.git log only
shows commit message,author,commitid

9.Git Errors and Warnings Solution
Should not be doing an octopus
Octopus is a strategy Git uses to combine many different versions of code together.
This message can appear if you try to use this strategy in an inappropriate situation.

You are in 'detached HEAD' state
HEAD is what Git calls the commit you are currently on. You can “detach” the HEAD by switching to a previous commit,
which we’ll see in the next video. Despite what it sounds like, it’s actually not a bad thing to detach the HEAD.
Git just warns you so that you’ll realize you’re doing it.

10.git checkout: restores previous version or previous commit
command: git checkout commitid
after doing it u get warning that u r in detached HEAD state.
NOW AFTER GOING TO OLDER COMMIT U TYPE COMMAND git log u ll get older one as MOST RECENT commit and commits after that
will not be visible!

11.To create/intialize a git repository command:
Go to the directory first
git init
when we run git init 0/no commits are created at all you have to do that manually.

12.To push a repo:
git add origin(remote) URLofrepo

13.To push all files:
git push origin master

14.Fork:forking means copying someone else's repo to your own github acct without copying into
your local machine first and then pulling it into your own computer.

15.To pull a repo:
git pull origin master
